Chuu: Hey~ this time...
'Walk around this area in a circle'
Chuu: Yes!
Chuu: Just walking around?
(Follwing Yves is the concept of the music video!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
HaSeul: Now you have to dance the choreography of Yves' 'new'!
Chuu: Yes!
Chuu: So I'm going to practice that now for the first time...
Chuu: It's so sudden...
(Yves showing how to dance!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Yves - new"
(And Chuu is practicing the dance move by herself! )
HaSeul: She is trying hard!
HaSeul: That's our tenth girl, Chuu!
Chuu: Ah, alright. I get it.
Chuu: Yves' choreography!
Chuu: I think it's so beautiful!
HaSeul: Right.
HaSeul: And your song's choreography is also pretty!
Chuu: Oh, really?
Chuu: Thanks a lot~
Chuu: Thank you~!